THIS IS DANA DEWITT REPORTING
LIVE ON THE SCENE
WITH BREAKING NEWS!
AAH! UNH!
AND BREAKING BONES AS BATWOMAN
HAS TAKEN THE FIGHT
TO THE FALSE FACE SOCIETY,
DISRUPTING THEIR SUPPLY CHAIN
OF THE HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
STREET DRUG SNAKEBITE.
THIS IS THE THIRD
DISTRIBUTION CENTER THIS WEEK
THAT BATWOMAN HAS TARGETED
IN HER MISSION
TO RID GOTHAM'S STREETS
OF THIS SCOURGE.
WHO IS BLACK MASK?
I WANT THE NAME!
I DON'T KNOW!
LOOK. THAT'S WHY WE
ALL WEAR MASKS.
UNH!
YOU HEAR ME, BLACK MASK?
YOU CAN HIDE YOUR FACE,
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM ME.
I AM COMING FOR YOU!
IN A CHANNEL 8 EXCLUSIVE,
BATWOMAN LAID DOWN THE LAW
AND DECLARED WAR ON BLACK MASK,
AND CITIZENS OF GOTHAM HAVE
HIGH HOPES
THAT SHE CAN SUCCEED
WHERE THE GCPD
AND THE CROWS HAVE FAILED.
UNH!
YOU STAY HERE.
-WHERE IS SHE?
-MR. KANE, THERE'S BEEN
A TERRIBLE
MISUNDERSTANDING.
WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER?
SIR, PLEASE ALLOW
ME TO EXPLAIN.
MY DAUGHTER BETH CALLED ME
NOT ONE HOUR AGO
FROM THIS HOUSE.
SHE SAID, "HELP,"
CLEAR AS CAN BE.
IT WAS ALL
AN INSENSITIVE PRANK.
I'M--I'M--I'M--I'M
SO EMBARRASSED. I--
MR. KANE, YOUR DAUGHTER
IS NOT IN THERE.
BETH! BETH!
BETH, ARE YOU
IN HERE?
BETH? BETH?
DADDY?
YOU CAME FOR ME.
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
I'D NEVER STOP
LOOKING FOR YOU.
NEVER.
YOU PRETTY MUCH BROKE
THE INTERNET
WITH THIS LATEST
FALSE FACE TAKEDOWN.
ONLY THING THAT WOULD HAVE
GOTTEN YOU MORE LIKES
IS IF YOU'D DONE IT
HOLDING A KITTEN,
BUT I DO HAVE TO POINT OUT
THAT YOU WERE LITERALLY
HOLDING A MICROPHONE
AND DIDN'T GO FOR THE MIC DROP.
THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
WANTED TO STAY ON MESSAGE.
WELL, I THINK BLACK MASK
HEARD IT LOUD AND CLEAR.
IF YOU'RE STILL CALLING
HIM THAT, I'M ASSUMING
YOU HAVEN'T FIGURED OUT
HIS REAL NAME.
HE TOLD ME BATWOMAN
KILLED HIS DAUGHTER.
SERIOUSLY, THAT DOESN'T
SHORTEN THE LIST?
THERE IS NO LIST.
KATE NEVER KILLED
ANYBODY'S DAUGHTER.
DON'T FORGET HE ALSO
BLAMES THE CROWS.
I ASSUME NEXT WEEK
IT'LL BE AQUAMAN.
DAMN.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
IS YOUR WATCH FAST?
HAVE YOU MET ME?
-THEN I'M ALREADY LATE.
-FOR WHAT?
VISITING HOURS.
THANKS FOR COMING.
HADN'T HEARD
FROM YOU IN A BIT.
COMMISSARY ACCOUNT'S
DOWN TO NADA.
10-MINUTE PHONE CALL
COSTS 22 BONES AND CHANGE.
DAMN. IT WAS 11.50
WHEN I WAS INSIDE.
WELCOME TO THE EDGEWATER
PRIVATE PRISON SYSTEM,
AND 7 CENTS AN HOUR
PRESSING BLUE JEANS
DOESN'T GO AS FAR
AS IT USED TO,
BUT I, UH, KNOW YOU
DIDN'T COME HERE
BECAUSE YOU MISS BEING
ON THE INSIDE.
TELL ME WHAT AM I
MISSING ON THE OUTSIDE.
I'M HELPING TO GET
A COMMUNITY CENTER
OFF THE GROUND,
KIND OF PLACE YOU
AND I WOULD HAVE LOVED,
YOU KNOW, GIVES KIDS
A SAFE SPACE TO GO TO
INSTEAD OF GOING
INTO THE SYSTEM.
OPEN HOUSE IS TONIGHT.
SOUNDS NICE. HEH.
I WISH I COULD GET
TO SEE IT.
YOU COULD.
YOU COULD WALK
RIGHT OUT OF HERE
IF YOU JUST GIVE UP
THE ONES
WHO ACTUALLY PULLED
THE TRIGGER
ON COMMISSIONER FORBES.
LOOK. I KNOW YOU
TOOK THE FALL
TO KEEP ME SAFE
FROM FALSE FACE,
BUT I CAN PROTECT
MYSELF.
SURE IT'S NOT BATWOMAN
PROTECTING YOU?
IS SHE YOUR
GIRLFRIEND NOW?
ARE GUYS LIKE SUPER FRIENDS
WITH BENEFITS?
TRUST ME IT IS
NOT LIKE THAT.
IT NEVER IS
TILL IT IS.
I'M LATE FOR
MY 7 CENTS AN HOUR.
HEH HEH HEH.
THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING.
AS YOU LOOK AROUND AND SEE
ALL WE HAVE TO OFFER,
KNOW THAT NONE OF IT
WOULD HAVE BEEN POSSIBLE
WITHOUT THE RELENTLESS
DEDICATION OF OUR VOLUNTEERS.
WHOO!
AND I KNOW THEY WANTED
TO REMAIN ANONYMOUS,
SO I'LL JUST SAY
TO MARY HAMILTON
AND RYAN WILDER,
YOUR SECRET'S SAFE WITH ME.
YOU WOMEN ARE SUPERHEROES.
KEEP SMILING.
THAT'S WHAT I'M DOING.
PLEASE FEEL FREE
TO LOOK AROUND AND SEE
ALL THE ACTIVITIES
WE HAVE TO OFFER.
YOU'LL FIND WE'VE GOT
EVERYTHING HERE
FROM INTRAMURAL SPORTS
TO AFTER-SCHOOL TUTORING,
-AND WE ALS--
-WHAT ABOUT SECURITY?
HORTEN SPENCE,
"GOTHAM GAZETTE."
WELL, MR. SPENCE,
DON'T YOU THINK
THE KIDS AROUND HERE ALREADY
HAVE ENOUGH ARMED MEN
WATCHING THEIR EVERY MOVE?
LOOK. DON'T GET
ME WRONG.
I LIKE WHAT
YOU'RE DOING,
BUT THIS IS
A ROUGH NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE STATS DON'T LIE.
IF YOU WANT
NUMBERS, MR. SPENCE,
HOW ABOUT A 10% DROP
IN CRIME
OR A 15% INCREASE
IN GRADUATION RATES?
THOSE ARE THE NUMBERS
THAT NEIGHBORHOODS SEE
WHEN COMMUNITY CENTERS
LIKE THIS OPEN THEIR DOORS.
YOU AREN'T WORRIED
ABOUT THIS PLACE
BEING A TARGET?
FOR BUDGET CUTS MAYBE.
YOU KNOW, DESPITE DOING
SO MUCH,
PLACES LIKE THIS ARE ALWAYS
FIRST ON THE CHOPPING BLOCK.
MAYBE THE "GAZETTE" COULD
DO A STORY ABOUT THAT.
GOOD TURNOUT.
OH, MY GOD.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
I ALREADY
HAVE TO REFRESH
THE REFRESHMENTS.
WILDER,
I WANT YOU TO MEET IMANI,
DIRECTOR OF OUR
TUTORING PROGRAM.
OH. WELL, YOU CERTAINLY
SCHOOLED THAT REPORTER
BACK THERE.
-I'M RYAN.
-I KNOW.
I HEAR YOU'RE
GONNA BE TEACHING
A MARTIAL ARTS CLASS.
UH, I ACTUALLY HADN'T
GOTTEN AROUND
TO ROPING HER
INTO THAT YET....
UNTIL NOW.
UH, SATURDAY MORNING.
THINK ABOUT IT.
LOOK WHO NEEDS A REFILL.
TCH, TCH. ME!
HA! HEH HEH.
UM, I'M HOPING
YOU'RE GONNA SAY
YES TO THAT
BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T
TEACH MARTIAL ARTS,
THAT MEANS I HAVE TO,
AND MY ROUNDHOUSE KICK
IS A DISASTER.
WELL, I FIGURE IT'S
THE LEAST I CAN DO.
HEH. CRAZY.
I--I CAN'T HELP BUT THINK
HOW MUCH A PLACE
LIKE THIS WOULD HAVE
REALLY MADE A DIFFERENCE
FOR MY FRIENDS AND I
GROWING UP.
YEAH. THESE PLACES
ARE SO IMPORTANT,
ESPECIALLY FOR AT-RISK KIDS.
IT'S SO EASY FOR THEM TO
FALL THROUGH THE CRACKS.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I HAVE A FRIEND
WHO'S STILL FALLING.
EVERYBODY, DOWN!
FOR THOSE OF YOU
NOT KEEPING UP
ON CURRENT EVENTS,
HOW'S THIS
FOR A SHOCKING DEVELOPMENT?
A COMMUNITY CENTER
IN SHELDON PARK
JUST GOT BARBEQUED
BY A MAN WIELDING
WHAT CAN ONLY BE DESCRIBED
AS A LIGHTNING GUN.
THE MEDIA HAS DUBBED HIM
KILOVOLT.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, GOTHAM,
BUT I'M HOPING LIGHTNING
DOESN'T STRIKE TWICE.
KILOVOLT?
BASED ON THE ENERGY NEEDED
TO DO THAT KIND OF DAMAGE,
THEY'RE ONLY OFF
BY ABOUT A BILLION VOLTS.
THAT'S YOUR TAKEAWAY?
THE NICKNAME DROPPED
A FEW ZEROES?
MY POINT BEING A WEAPON
WITH THAT KIND OF FIREPOWER
COSTS A HELL
OF A LOT MORE
THAN THE BUILDING IT WAS
USED TO DESTROY.
IT WAS MORE THAN
A BUILDING.
THAT PLACE WAS GONNA
MAKE A DIFFERENCE.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY TAKE IT OUT?
IT'S NOT LIKE THERE
WAS ANY MONEY IN IT.
IT'S ABOUT TO HAVE
EVEN LESS MONEY NOW.
DONORS RUNNING
FOR THEIR LIVES
ISN'T EXACTLY THE PRESS
WE WERE LOOKING FOR.
BUT IT WAS THE STORY
THE PRESS WAS
LOOKING FOR.
DON'T YOU THINK IT
WAS A LITTLE WEIRD
THAT REPORTER ASKING
ABOUT THE PLACE
BEING A TARGET
RIGHT BEFORE IT
BECAME A TARGET?
-WHAT WAS THE GUY'S NAME?
-HORTEN SPENCE.
HE WRITES
FOR THE "GAZETTE."
NOT ANYMORE HE DOESN'T.
HE WAS FIRED 6 MONTHS AGO
FOR UNDISCLOSED REASONS.
OK. THEN I GET
WHY HE'D HAVE A GRUDGE
AGAINST THE "GAZETTE,"
BUT WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO
WITH THE COMMUNITY CENTER?
ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT.
I DON'T GET IT.
YEAH. WELL, THAT
MAKES TWO OF US.
THESE ARE
EXPENSE REPORT RECORDS
FROM WHEN I WAS
CHASING DOWN LEADS
ON KATE'S WHEREABOUTS.
TWO NIGHTS IN MONACO,
A LAYOVER IN VALENCIA,
A CAR RENTAL
IN MADRID.
SO WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
I HAVE NO MEMORY
OF BEING IN ANY
OF THOSE PLACES.
NO JUDGMENT HERE,
BUT...
WERE YOU DRINKING?
WELL, I WAS
SEARCHING FOR ONE EX,
HAVING JUST BEEN
DUMPED BY ANOTHER,
SO YEAH,
ALCOHOL WAS CONSUMED
BUT NOT THAT MUCH.
BUT IF YOU DON'T REMEMBER,
HOW DO YOU REMEMBER
IT WASN'T THAT MUCH.
SO IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT THE OBVIOUS
EXPLANATION
IS THE CORRECT ONE.
HEY. DON'T BEAT
YOURSELF UP.
AGENT PENNYWORTH.
JUST GOT AN ANONYMOUS TIP
ABOUT A BREAK-IN AT A FARM.
THE ADDRESS MATCHES
A PROPERTY THAT ONCE BELONGED
TO AN AUGUST CARTWRIGHT.
WHAT ELSE DID
THIS TIPSTER SAY?
NOTHING OTHER THAN
TO PASS THE MESSAGE
ON TO YOU AND ONLY YOU.
AT LEAST I THINK
IT'S YOU.
TIPSTER SAID TO PASS
THE MESSAGE ON
TO AN AGENT PENNY DREADFUL.
DOES THAT MEAN
ANYTHING TO YOU?
UNFORTUNATELY, IT DOES.
I SEE YOU
GOT MY MESSAGE.
OH, THE SAD DESPERATION
CAME THROUGH LOUD AND CLEAR.
GOTHAM'S MOST DERANGED
DIVA REDUCED TO MAKING
PRANK PHONE CALLS.
WHAT'S NEXT?
DING-DONG-DITCH?
HEH. HOW ABOUT GHOST
IN THE GRAVEYARD?
OH, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA KILL ME.
YOU'D JUST BE
LONELY AGAIN.
I MEAN, THAT'S WHY
I'M HERE, ISN'T IT,
WITH KATE GONE
BECAUSE NO ONE REALLY CARES
ABOUT YOUR EVERY MOVE.
I MEAN, THE NEW BATWOMAN
DOESN'T GIVE A DAMN
ABOUT YOU ANYMORE,
AND THAT MUST DRIVE
YOU ABSOLUTELY CRAZY.
WELL, CRAZIER.
WHAT WILL ALICE BECOME
NOW THAT HER SISTER
IS DEAD, HMM?
I MEAN, IT'S THE AGE-OLD
QUESTION, ISN'T IT?
IF A LUNATIC THROWS
A TANTRUM IN A FOREST,
WILL ANYONE HEAR?
GUESS GOTHAM'S NOT
MUCH OF A PLAYGROUND
WITHOUT A PLAYMATE.
I DON'T NEED A PLAYMATE.
I NEED A PARTNER.
WELL, YOUR LAST
OVERTURE AT PARTNERS
ENDED WITH A KNIFE
IN MY GUT, SO...
OH, I REALLY NEED TO WORK
ON MY NEGOTIATING SKILLS.
HOW ABOUT THIS?
YOU HELP ME,
AND I'LL LEAVE
GOTHAM...FOREVER.
GO ON. WHY WOULD
I BELIEVE YOU?
BECAUSE YOU WOULD HELP ME
IN RIDDING MYSELF
OF ANY REASON TO STAY.
SEE, I NEED TO FIND
A PARTICULAR ASSOCIATE
OF OUR MUTUAL FRIEND
SAFIYAH.
SHE GOES BY THE CATCHY,
LITTLE PSEUDONYM OF ENIGMA.
NEVER HEARD OF HER,
BUT IF YOU WANT
HER DEAD,
SHE CAN'T BE
ALL BAD.
ACTUALLY, SHE'S
QUITE GOOD...
AT A CERTAIN SKILL
THAT I REQUIRE.
WHAT WOULD THAT BE?
HYPNOTISM, SPECIFICALLY
THE ABILITY
TO ERASE MEMORIES,
ALTER OTHERS.
HMM. LOOKING TO PURGE
OUR GUILTY CONSCIENCE,
ARE WE,
LEAVE GOTHAM
WITH A CLEAN SLATE?
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
WELL, HOW DO YOU
EVEN KNOW THAT
THIS ENIGMA
CAN DO ALL THAT?
BECAUSE SHE'S DONE IT
TO ME BEFORE.
IT AS A FLUKE THAT
I FOUND OUT REALLY.
ENIGMA ERASED ANY TRACE
THAT SHE'D EVER BEEN THERE.
HEH. I SUPPOSE YOU COULD
SAY THAT I FORGOT TO REMEMBER
WHAT SHE MADE ME FORGET.
HOW IS THAT
EVEN POSSIBLE?
YOU CAN ASK HER
WHEN WE FIND HER.
WELL, THAT'S JUST IT.
I THINK I ALREADY HAVE.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME,
COMMANDER?
YEAH. COME IN, DR. RHYME
COME IN.
-EVELYN, PLEASE.
-HEH HEH.
I, UM--I JUST
WANTED TO THANK YOU
FOR TAKING TIME AWAY
FROM YOUR PRACTICE
TO LEND YOUR EXPERTISE
TO OUR SNAKEBITE
TASKFORCE.
-MY PLEASURE.
-I READ YOUR REPORT
ON WHAT MAKES SNAKEBITE
SO INCREDIBLY ADDICTIVE,
THOUGH I ADMIT I GOT
A LITTLE BIT LOST
IN THE MEDICAL JARGON.
COULD YOU JUST--
COULD YOU JUST BREAK
IT DOWN FOR A GUY
WHO DOESN'T HAVE A Ph.D.
IN CRIMINAL PSYCHIATRY?
THE DRUG ATTACKS
THE HIPPOCAMPUS,
WHERE THE BRAIN STORES
MEMORIES AND EMOTIONS.
IT TARGETS THE MEMORIES
MOST ASSOCIATED
WITH REGRET AND REMORSE,
WHICH RESULT
IN A HALLUCINATION
THAT ALLOWS THE USER
TO ALTER THE CIRCUMSTANCES
OF THOSE MEMORIES.
TO GET A DO-OVER.
AND WHAT COULD BE
MORE ADDICTIVE THAN THAT,
THE CHANCE TO RIGHT
OUR WORST MISTAKES,
TO ERASE OUR GRAVEST SINS
EVEN FOR A MOMENT?
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
USING SNAKEBITE, COMMANDER?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
COMMANDER KANE,
IF WE'RE NOT HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER,
THEN THIS IS JUST
A WASTE OF...BOTH
OF OUR TIME.
SOME FALSE FACE BASTARD
JUMPED ME IN MY CAR,
CHLOROFORMED ME.
I WOKE UP
WITH AN INJECTOR
IN MY ARM.
I GUESS SINCE
I'VE BEEN RAILING
AGAINST SNAKEBITE
IN THE PRESS
THEY WANTED TO
SEND ME A MESSAGE.
HOW COULD YOU TELL?
BECAUSE I'M VERY GOOD
AT MY JOB,
AND EVEN IF YOU'VE HAD
JUST ONE DOSE,
YOU'RE GONNA NEED MY HELP.
SNEAKING OUT
THE BACKDOOR?
I'M JUST GLAD
IT'S YOU.
SAID NO
SUSPICIOUS DUDE EVER.
-EXPECTING SOMEONE ELSE?
-YEAH.
A GUY PACKING
A HANDHELD LIGHTNING STORM.
I'M SURE YOU'VE HEARD
OF HIM.
YEAH. SO WHO IS HE?
-I DON'T KNOW.
-BUT YOU KNOW HIS SCHEDULE.
HOW DID YOU KNOW
HE WAS GONNA ATTACK
THE COMMUNITY CENTER?
BECAUSE IT'S
HAPPENED BEFORE.
NOT BY KILOVOLT.
HE'S JUST
THE LATEST PLAYER
IN A GAME THAT'S
BEEN GOING ON
FOR A WHILE.
-I'M NOT FOLLOWING.
-NOBODY IS.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
COMMUNITY CENTERS
ARE BEING TERRORIZED.
THE NARROWS
MIDNIGHT BASKETBALL
GETS TORCHED
BY AN ARSONIST.
DIAMOND DISTRICT
TUTORING CENTER
GETS SHOT UP.
ANYTHING THAT WAS
A REFUGE FOR KIDS--
TCH--TAKEN
OFF THE BOARD.
MMM. NOT SEEING
A CONNECTION.
THEY'RE ALL
DIFFERENT M.O.s.
I'M TELLING YOU
THE SHELDON PARK ATTACK
WASN'T THE FIRST,
AND IT WON'T BE THE LAST.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
AT-RISK YOUTH PROGRAMS,
NOT EXACTLY THE MOST
THREATENING INSTITUTIONS
IN GOTHAM.
WHAT'S THE MOTIVE?
THAT'S EXACTLY
THE QUESTION
I WAS ASKING
WHEN I WAS SUDDENLY
FIRED FROM THE "GAZETTE."
DO YOU HAVE ANY PROOF?
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I DO.
AFTER LAST NIGHT'S ATTACK,
MY EDITOR'S AGREED
TO TAKE ANOTHER LOOK.
PUT HIM ON HERE.
UP. UP.
OK.
THIRD-DEGREE
ELECTRICAL BURNS.
SEE IF THE CROWS
LEFT US
ANY MAFENIDE
ACETATE CREAM.
CABINET MIDDLE SHELF.
OH! I'M GONNA
HAVE TO SEDATE HIM.
-BUT HE'LL MAKE IT?
-I THINK SO.
LOOKS LIKE HIS LAPTOP
TOOK THE BRUNT OF IT.
SOMEONE WENT TO A LOT
OF TROUBLE TO DESTROY
THE EVIDENCE
ON THIS COMPUTER,
WHICH MEANS THERE MUST BE
SOME TRUTH TO THE STORY
HE WAS TRYING TO TELL.
FIGURE OUT WHERE THAT
THING CAME FROM?
WELL, IT MATCHES
SOME TECH BEING SOLD
BY A SHADY RUSSIAN
DEFENSE CONTRACTOR.
I'M GUESSING THE KIND
THAT DOESN'T GIVE UP
THEIR CLIENT LIST.
WE MAY NOT NEED IT.
GOT A PARTIAL PRINT HERE.
THE REST IS HIDDEN
UNDER THE BATTERY.
AT LEAST I THINK
IT'S THE BATTERY.
ARE YOU SURE YOU SHOULD
BE MESSING WITH THAT?
RELAX. HEH.
OOH. OK. UM, I...
SEE? NOTHING TO
WORRY ABOUT.
UH-HUH.
LET'S FIND OUT WHO
YOU ARE, KILOVOLT.
MICHAEL KASTRINOS,
AKA MICKEY K.
GOT AN ADDRESS?
YEP. CELL BLOCK J
AT EDGEWATER PRISON,
WHERE HE'S BEEN
LOCKED UP FOR
THE LAST TWO YEARS.
SO YOU WERE
IN BORING MADRID
FILING BORING PAPERWORK
BEFORE TAKING
A BORING FLIGHT
BACK TO GOTHAM.
AND FROM THERE, I FOLLOWED
THE TRAIL TO BLUDHAVEN,
WHERE I EVENTUALLY FOUND
KATE'S REMAINS.
NOT ACCORDING TO
YOUR BOARDING PASS,
WHICH YOU APPARENTLY
USED AS AN ITINERARY.
BEFORE HEADING OFF
TO BLUDHAVEN,
YOU HAD A MEETING
WITH A DR. EVELYN RHYME.
YOU DON'T
REMEMBER THAT?
NO.
DR. RHYME IS A CONSULTANT
WITH THE CROWS'
SNAKEBITE TASKFORCE.
WHY WOULD I WANT TO
TALK TO HER?
WHAT SAY YOU FLY
TO THE NEST AND ASK
DR. RHYME.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
SHE HAS
A PRIVATE PRACTICE
ON SIXTH, AND...
I'M FEELING NOSY.
SEE? WE MAKE
A GREAT TEAM.
OH, COME ON.
WE AREN'T SO DIFFERENT
YOU AND I.
ALL WE HAVE IN COMMON
IS THAT WE BOTH MISS KATE.
WELL, THERE IS
ONE OTHER THING.
NO MATTER HOW MUCH
WE BOTH LOVED KATE
SHE ALWAYS CHOSE
SOMEONE ELSE.
OH. IS THAT WHAT YOU
WANT ENIGMA TO ERASE,
ALL THOSE
HURT FEELINGS?
NO.
I WANT HER TO ERASE...
THE PERSON
WHO CAUSED THEM.
THAT WAS MY LIFE'S
BIGGEST REGRET,
MY GREATEST FAILURE,
NOT SAVING BETH.
NOT AN HOUR GOES BY
THAT I DON'T THINK ABOUT IT,
LEAVING MY DAUGHTER
TO SUFFER IN THAT CELL.
THAT'S WHY I CAN'T
SHAKE OFF THIS URGE
FOR ANOTHER HIT
OF SNAKEBITE
BECAUSE FOR ANOTHER
FEW FLEETING MOMENTS
I GET TO BE THE FATHER
I SHOULD HAVE BEEN TO HER
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
WHO ELSE HAVE YOU
TOLD ABOUT THIS?
-NO ONE.
-NOT EVEN FAMILY?
MY DAUGHTER MARY'S
THE ONLY FAMILY
I HAVE LEFT.
WE'RE NOT
EXACTLY SPEAKING.
UNFORTUNATELY,
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN GIVE YOU
TO BLUNT
THE WITHDRAWAL,
BUT THERE IS A WAY
YOU CAN BLUNT THE PAIN
OF THE DAUGHTER
YOU LOST.
HOW?
BY FOCUSING
ON REPAIRING
THE RELATIONSHIP
WITH THE DAUGHTER
YOU HAVE LEFT.
-MAN,
-GARCIA,
HOUSED ON "A" BLOCK.
GARCIA, HOUSED ON "A" BLOCK.
YOU MY NEW LAWYER?
I WANTED TO ASK
ABOUT THE RECENT ATTACK
ON THE SHELDON PARK
COMMUNITY CENTER.
WHO ARE YOU?
AND THE ATTEMPTED MURDER
OF HORTEN SPENCE.
I DON'T HAVE TO
ANSWER ANY OF YOUR
QUESTIONS, BITCH.
YOU ALREADY HAVE.
HE DID IT.
MICKEY K.'s KILOVOLT.
HE CAN'T BE.
THE GUY HAS A LACERATION
RIGHT
WHERE I SLICED HIM
IN THE ALLEY. IT'S HIM.
NOT ACCORDING
TO THE PRISON
SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE.
I'M CURRENTLY LOOKING
AT FOOTAGE
FROM THE NIGHTS
OF BOTH KILOVOLT ATTACKS.
MICKEY K. IS LOCKED UP
TIGHT IN HIS CELL.
TWO VISITS IN ONE WEEK?
AREN'T I THE BELLE
OF THE BLOCK?
I WAS WONDERING
IF MAYBE YOU CAN HELP
ME WITH SOMETHING.
GRAPEVINE BUZZING
ABOUT ANY RECENT
PRISON ESCAPES,
ANY RUMORS
OF A SECRET WAY
IN OR OUT OF HERE?
YOU THINK IF I KNEW
A WAY OUT
I'D STILL BE SITTING HERE?
WHY DO YOU ASK?
THINKING OF BUSTING
ME OUT?
YOU KNOW, I WOULD DO
ANYTHING FOR YOU,
BUT THE ONE THING
I CAN'T DO IS
CONVINCE YOU TO PUNCH
YOUR TICKET OUT OF HERE.
COME ON, ANG.
THE SHOOTERS WERE
WEARING A HOCKEY MASK
AND A GAS MASK.
GIVE ME THE NAMES
OF THE GUYS UNDERNEATH.
IF I TELL YOU THEIR NAMES,
I'LL BE THE NEXT ONE
BLACK MASK PUTS
A BULLET IN.
BATWOMAN CAN'T BE AROUND
TO PROTECT ME 24 HOURS A DAY.
BUT I CAN.
IT'S JUST YOU AND ME
AGAINST THE WORLD
LIKE ALWAYS.
I WILL NEVER LET
BLACK MASK HURT YOU.
YOU'RE FORGIVEN.
DOES ANYONE ELSE
WANT TO APOLOGIZE
FOR THE FACT THAT
FOR THE LAST TWO WEEKS
NOT A SINGLE VIABLE DOSE
OF SNAKEBITE
HAS BEEN PRODUCED?
ANYONE?
I GOT PLENTY OF BULLETS
TO GO AROUND.
SIR, YOU CAN
KILL AS MANY OF US AS YOU WANT.
IT WON'T CHANGE THE FACT
THAT YOU WANTED TO KEEP
THE SNAKEBITE RECIPE
A SECRET,
AND NOW WE'VE LOST THE ONLY
TWO PEOPLE WHO KNEW IT.
OCEAN DISAPPEARED
WEEKS AGO,
AND HIS LITTLE HELPER'S
LOCKED AWAY IN PRISON.
HMM.
YOU GOT TO GET
HER OUT.
YOU CAN'T LET ANGELIQUE
ROT IN THERE.
I SENT YOU THE NAMES
OF THE MEN WHO GUNNED
DOWN FORBES.
I KNOW. I GOT ALL 6
OF YOUR VOICEMAILS.
I'LL LOOK INTO THE NAMES
SHE GAVE ME.
I ALREADY DID, OK?
THEY MANAGE
THE GOTHAM GUN CLUB.
IS IT THAT HARD TO IMAGINE
GUYS WHO WORK
AT A SHOOTING RANGE
PULLING THE TRIGGER?
-OK. I'LL RUN IT DOWN.
-AND?
AND IF THE STORY
CHECKS OUT,
I'LL TALK TO THE D.A.
ABOUT GETTING
YOUR GIRL SPRUNG.
HEY.
SO THIS IS FROM
THE NIGHT OF THE ATTACK
ON THE COMMUNITY CENTER,
AND THIS IS
FROM TWO WEEKS AGO.
NOW CHECK OUT
THE TWO HANDS
OF SOLITAIRE.
THEY'RE IDENTICAL...
JUST LIKE THESE
SURVEILLANCE TAPES.
IT'S THE SAME FOOTAGE.
THEY JUST SLAPPED
A NEW TIME STAMP ON IT,
AND INSTANT ALIBI.
SO IS THE PRISON TRYING
TO COVER UP THE FACT
THAT HE ESCAPED AND DESTROYED
THE COMMUNITY CENTER?
WORSE. I THINK
THEY LET HIM OUT.
OUR FIEND MICKEY K. HERE
WASN'T GONNA BE ELIGIBLE
FOR PAROLE
FOR ANOTHER DECADE,
AND THEN SUDDENLY
THE DAY AFTER
THE COMMUNITY CENTER
ATTACK,
HE WAS GRANTED
A HEARING
FOR EARLY RELEASE.
SO...
I TOOK THE SCHEDULE
FOR RECENT PAROLE HEARINGS,
AND I MATCHED IT
AGAINST SPENCE'S LIST
OF ATTACKS
ON COMMUNITY PROGRAMS.
GUESS WHAT HAPPENED
AFTER THE NARROWS
MIDNIGHT BASKETBALL
WAS TORCHED.
THEY PAROLED
A SERIAL ARSONIST.
AND HERE'S ANOTHER
BIG, WET KISS
FROM EDGEWATER'S
PAROLE BOARD.
THIS ONE AN ARMED
ROBBERY ENTHUSIAST
CONVENIENTLY SCHEDULED--
THE DAY AFTER
THE DIAMOND DISTRICT
TUTORING CENTER GOT SHOT UP.
OK, OK. SO SOMEONE
FROM THE PRISON
IS LETTING OUT CRIMINALS
FOR ONE NIGHT
TO TARGET COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
IN EXCHANGE
FOR EARLY PAROLE.
AND THAT SOMEONE...
IS EDGEWATER CORRECTIONAL
CEO ELLIS O'BRIEN.
HE PERSONALLY
INTERVENED
AND SIGNED OFF
ON EACH EARLY RELEASE,
ALL UNDER THE GUISE
OF "TIME OFF
FOR GOOD BEHAVIOR,"
AND HE SITS ON THE BOARD
OF THE "GOTHAM GAZETTE."
WHICH PUTS HIM IN THE POSITION
TO GET HORTEN FIRED
BEFORE HE CAN FIND OUT
WHO'S BEHIND THE ATTACKS.
YEAH, BUT I STILL
DON'T GET WHY.
WHY WOULD A PRISON COMPANY
WANT TO DESTROY
COMMUNITY PROGRAMS?
IT'S EXACTLY
WHAT IMANI SAID.
THESE PROGRAMS KEEP
KIDS FROM FALLING
THROUGH THE CRACKS,
BUT YOU KNOW WHO PROFITS
FROM THE KIDS WHO DO?
PRISONS.
JAKE. HEY, BUDDY.
LISTEN. I'M SORRY
TO BARGE IN LIKE THIS,
WAVING MY CROWS
PLATINUM CLIENT CARD,
BUT I JUST NEEDED
TO SPEAK TO SOMEBODY
I KNEW I COULD TRUST.
WHAT'S WRONG, ROMAN?
WELL, I WAS DONG
A ROUTINE CHECK
ON ONE OF MY
COSMETICS STORES.
LONG STORY SHORT,
A SEARCH OF ONE
OF MY EMPLOYEES' LOCKERS
TURNED UP THIS.
THAT'S SNAKEBITE,
RIGHT?
I DIDN'T WANT TO
MAKE A BIG THING
ABOUT IT
WITHOUT KNOWING
FOR SURE.
I MEAN, I'VE HEARD
OF THE STUFF,
BUT I'VE NEVER
ACTUALLY SEEN IT.
IS THAT THE REAL DEAL?
UH, YEAH. YEAH.
IT'S THE REAL DEAL.
WOW. WELL, IT'S GOOD
I BROUGHT IT TO YOU THEN.
I KNOW HOW HARD YOU'VE
BEEN PUSHING TO GET
THIS STUFF
OFF THE STREETS.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE
MY OWN STAFF WOULD--
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
I THOUGHT IT WAS
A KID DRUG,
BUT THIS STUFF MUST
REALLY BE MAKING
THE ROUNDS, HUH?
LISTEN. I'VE GOT
THINGS, UH, COVERED
ON MY END.
CAN YOU DISPOSE OF THIS,
MAKE SURE IT DOESN'T GET
INTO THE WRONG HANDS?
I MEAN, IF IT'S
AS BAD AS YOU SAY,
THIS STUFF COULD REALLY
RUIN SOMEONE'S LIFE.
YEAH. I'LL TAKE CARE
OF IT.
YOU'RE THE BEST,
JAKE.
OH. DR. RHYME.
AGENT PENNYWORTH,
HOW ARE YOU?
STUMPED ACTUALLY.
I WAS HOPING YOU COULD
CLEAR SOMETHING UP.
LAST MONTH WHEN I'D
JUST RETURNED TO GOTHAM,
YOU ASKED TO SEE ME.
THIS IS GONNA SOUND STRANGE,
BUT, UM, DO YOU MIND
IF I ASK WHAT WE DISCUSSED?
IT WAS A MATTER
OF SOME SENSITIVITY.
OH. PERHAPS WE SHOULD
DISCUSS IT IN PRIVATE.
MM-HMM.
HAVE A SEAT,
DR. RHYME,
OR WOULD YOU
PREFER ENIGMA?
WHAT DID YOU DO
TO ME?
SAME THING I'M ABOUT
TO DO.
UNH!
MAKE YOU FORGET.
I GOT A LOCK
ON THE CEO's PHONE.
HE SEEMS TO BE WORKING
LATE AT THE SITE
OF EDGEWATER'S
LATEST LOCKUP.
SURVEYING YOUR LATEST MONEY MAKER?
WHO'S THERE?
I NEED
A SECURITY TEAM DOWN--
AHH!
TELL ME HOW MUCH
MONEY DOES THE CITY
PAY YOU PER PRISONER?
150 A DAY.
SO YOU'RE RAKING IN
A COUPLE HUNDRED
MILLION A YEAR
TO WAREHOUSE PEOPLE?
THERE'S NOTHING
ILLEGAL ABOUT IT.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
ALL THAT MONEY MEANS
YOU'LL BE WILLING
TO DO ANYTHING
TO KEEP YOUR CELLS FILLED.
THAT'S WHY YOU SENT
KILOVOLT TO FRY
THE COMMUNITY CENTER.
ANY PROGRAMS THAT KEPT
AT-RISK KIDS
FROM ENDING UP IN ONE
OF YOUR PRISONS
CUT INTO YOUR
BOTTOM LINE,
SO YOU TOOK THEM OUT.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
YOU GOT ME.
NO NEED TO GET PHYSICAL.
SO YOU'RE CONFESSING?
MORE LIKE STALLING.
ARE YOU SEEING THIS?
YOU GOT 3 GUARDSAPPROACHING FROM THE WEST,
AND I'M READING
A BIG ENERGY SIGNAL.
THAT SUIT'LL
PROTECT HER, RIGHT?
NOT AGAINST 3 OF THOSE
LIGHTNING GUNS IT WON'T.
NOBODY'S HOME.
LOOKS LIKE BLACK MASK IS
TYING UP SOME LOOSE ENDS.
I MISS
THE ELECTRIC CHAIR,
BUT A FIRING SQUAD
SHOULD DO.
READY...AIM...
FIRE!
YOU'VE BEEN HOLDING OUT
ON ME, FOX?
COULDN'T LET YOU HAVE
ALL THE FUN.
-YOU KNOW I HAD THAT, RIGHT?
-YEAH. NEVER HAD A DOUBT.
DO YOU LIKE
IRONY, GOTHAM?
I THINK BATWOMAN DOES.
FOR-PROFIT PRISON CEO
ELLIS O'BRIEN
ALLEGEDLY ENGINEERED
A CONSPIRACY
TO SABOTAGE
COMMUNITY OUTREACH PROGRAMS
IN A BID TO INCREASE
INCARCERATION RATES
AMONG THE CITY'S MOST AT-RISK,
AND IT SEEMS O'BRIEN DID
INCREASE THE PRISON POPULATION
BY ONE--HIMSELF.
BATWOMAN SPILLED THE TEA,
AND JOURNALIST HORTEN SPENCE
SPILLED THE INK.
TALK TO ME, GOTHAM.
HAS BATWOMAN FOUND HER
LOIS LANE?
HMM.
AHCHOO!
DADDY?
WHAT BROUGHT YOU TO
THE GOOD DOCTOR RHYME'S OFFICE?
-JACOB,
-THAT'S WHY
I CAN'T SHAKE THIS URGE
FOR ANOTHER HIT OF SNAKEBITE
BECAUSE AT LEAST FOR A FEW--
TSK, TSK, TSK.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
THAT WAS MY LIFE'S
BIGGEST REGRET,
MY GREATEST FAILURE,
NOT SAVING BETH.
NOT AN HOUR GOES BY
WHEN I DON'T THINK ABOUT IT,
LEAVING MY DAUGHTER
TO SUFFER IN THAT CELL.
THAT'S WHY I CAN'T SHAKE
THIS URGE
FOR ANOTHER HIT OF SNAKEBITE
BECAUSE AT LEAST
FOR A FEW FLEETING MOMENTS
I CAN BE THE FATHER
I SHOULD HAVE BEEN TO HER
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
I'M SORRY, DADDY.
AS MUCH AS I WANT TO
FORGIVE YOU...
FORGETTING'S EASIER.
APPLY THE ANTIBIOTIC
TWICE A DAY
AND CHANGE THE BANDAGES
AS NEEDED.
-THANKS.
-YEAH.
UH, MY INSURANCE
DOESN'T KICK IN
FOR ANOTHER FEW WEEKS.
YEAH. I'M JUST GLAD
YOU GOT YOUR JOB BACK
AND, I HEAR,
A BIG PROMOTION.
ALL I HAVE TO TOAST
WITH ARE LOLLIPOPS,
BUT CHEERS.
-BYE.
STOPPED BY THE MED SCHOOL,
YOUR APARTMENT,
THE HOLD-UP.
THEN IT HIT ME
WHERE I COULD FIND YOU.
-BUSTED. YOU GOT ME.
-MARY.
LOOK. I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY
I'M OPENING
THE PLACE BACK UP,
SO IF YOU WANT TO
STOP ME,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
ARREST ME.
I DON'T WANT TO STOP YOU.
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
MAKE THIS PLACE
A REAL CLINIC.
HIRE REAL DOCTORS.
I'LL EVEN PAY FOR IT.
YOU KNOW THAT THERE
ARE SOME THINGS
THAT YOU CAN'T FIX
BY WRITING A BIG CHECK.
WHAT POSSIBLE OBJECTION
COULD YOU HAVE
TO MAKING
THIS PLACE LEGIT?
BECAUSE IT GOES
AGAINST THE VERY REASON
I STARTED THE CLINIC, OK?
I DON'T ASK FOR I.D.,
I DON'T REQUIRE INSURANCE,
I DON'T REPORT O.D.s
OR NON-VIOLENT
CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR.
I OPENED UP THIS PLACE
TO SERVE THE PEOPLE
THAT YOU DON'T SEE
AS LEGIT.
COME ON. YOU HAVEN'T
EVEN FINISHED MED SCHOOL.
AND YET YESTERDAY,
I SAVED A GUY'S LIFE,
AND, YOU KNOW,
FOR THE FIRST TIME
SINCE KATE DIED,
I DON'T FEEL HOLLOW.
I FEEL LIKE
WHAT I DID MATTERED,
THAT I CAN MAKE
A DIFFERENCE
IN THIS CRAPPY CITY,
AND YOU WANT TO TAKE
THAT AWAY FROM ME,
AND FOR THAT,
I WILL NEVER
FORGIVE YOU.
HEY.
SO I HEARD YOU PUT IN
FOR A TRANSFER TO BERLIN.
THAT I DID.
SEEMS SUDDEN.
I KNOW. HEH.
I JUST, UM--I JUST
WOKE UP THIS MORNING
AND KNEW THAT'S
WHAT I WANTED TO DO.
IT JUST FEELS RIGHT,
YOU NOW?
TOO MANY MEMORIES
HERE IN GOTHAM.
HMM.
TAKE CARE, LOVE.
JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU HAD A COPY OF THIS.
AHH. I'M GLAD
THE PLACE IS GETTING
SOME GOOD PRESS.
YEAH. THE PHONES HAVE
BEEN LIGHTING UP
WITH DONATIONS
AND VOLUNTEERS.
THAT MEANS I'M
OFF THE HOOK FOR
TEACHING MARTIAL ARTS?
I HOPE NOT BECAUSE
I ALREADY SIGNED UP
FOR YOUR CLASS.
EXCUSE ME.
SO THIS IS ALL
HAPPENING VERY QUICKLY,
BUT THE D.A. SIGNED OFF
ON ANGELIQUE'S DEAL.
A WITSEC TEAM IS
MOVING HER INTO
PROTECTIVE CUSTODY
AS WE SPEAK.
-THANK YOU.
-NO. THANK YOU
FOR GETTING HER
TO TALK.
NOW UNTIL WE CAN
TAKE DOWN BLACK MASK,
ANGELIQUE'S GONNA BE
OFF THE GRID FOR BIT.
IT MIGHT BE A WHILE
BEFORE YOU CAN TALK
TO HER AGAIN.
UNH!
YOU CAME FOR ME!
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
CROWS TREATING YOU OK?
THEY'RE DEFINITELY
MORE AGREEABLE
CHAUFFEURING ME AROUND.
THANKS FOR GETTING ME OUT.
YOU GOT
YOURSELF OUT.
WITH A LITTLE PUSH.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU
DID 18 MONTHS INSIDE, RY.
I THOUGHT I UNDERSTOOD
HOW MUCH YOU SACRIFICED
FOR ME BY GOING IN.
NOT EVEN CLOSE,
BUT NOW THAT I DO,
I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
AND THAT I LOVE YOU
SO--
ANG?
♪ WE'RE GETTING HIGHER
♪ WE'RE GONNA FLY
TILL WE TOUCH THE SKY-A ♪
NO, NO!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
ANGELIQUE?
♪ WE'RE GONNA SHINE
TILL WE CATCH THE FIRE ♪
OHH! AAH!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
ANGELIQUE?
ANGELIQUE, ANGELIQUE,
ANGELIQUE!
NO, NO!
♪ YOU'RE READY TO GO
ANGELIQUE, TALK TO ME!
ANGELIQUE!
NO! NO, NO, NO!
♪ AND EVERYBODY'S
GONNA KNOW-O-O-OW ♪
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH
♪ WE'RE COMING, COMING FOR YA,
COME ON ♪
♪ AND EVERYBODY'S
GONNA KNOW-O-O-OW ♪
ANGELIQUE?
ANGELIQUE!
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH,
OH, OH, OH ♪
♪ OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH
GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD!